Moved negative sampling to future work (#64)
thesis20/thesis_paper: sections/conclusion/conclusion-chapter.tex

\\
The CSGCN models make use of negative sampling for calculating loss.
While this is a regular way to handle BPR loss, it is known to be biased \cite{nonsampling,NegativeSampling}, and sensitive to the number of negative samples \cite{NCF}.
Fluctuations in the sampled negative item can cause difficulties in converging, and even sampling more negative items can increase performance.\\
Chen et al. \cite{nonsampling} propose to learn FM models without negative sampling to improve ranking performance for context-aware recommendation, and increase stability due to considering all samples in each parameter update.
However, using negative sampling can be necessary since using non-sampling not only requires the method to look at each observed interaction from the dataset, but also to consider each non-observed interaction as a negative data point.
Because of this consideration, CSGCN-IS uses negative sampling for training, and, due to employing BPR loss, only one negative sample is used.
For future work on the methods, it may be interesting to look into other ways to calculate the loss that are less reliant on hitting good samples.
\\

> Additionally, throughout the experiments, it shows that contexts are equal in terms of importance.

Reviewer: Vil vi ikke have attention fordi contexterne ikke er lige vigtige? 🤔

> Additionally, throughout the experiments, it shows that contexts are equal in terms of importance.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, throughout the experiments, it showed that not all contexts are equal in terms of importance.
```
